# Automated PCI calculation

We propose a framework , PCI calculation system based on road images  where it will ascertain the asphalt condition file (PCI) of the road . To improve the road conditions in country zones, there is a ton of need to comprehend and investigate the conditions utilizing Pavement Condition Index(PCI). We are building up a framework model where the road  pictures are taken care of to compute PCI. Through EMARG and PMGSY-III, NRIDA has gathered a tremendous assortment of pictures of roads. These photos are gathered while doing examination of roads or assortment of PCI through visual investigations.We have designed an app where the user also can upload the picture of a road which is geotagged and it is interfaced with cloud(Firebase). Profound Neural Networks group the given image(of road) into the accessible (classes are doled out dependent on kind of breaks and their seriousness). An AI helped module would have the option to consequently survey the image and distinguish normal issues, for example, shoulder leeway, potholes, street furniture and so on. This AI module is interfaced with cloud(Firebase) . Necessity is of an answer where there ought to be an arrangement to catch the chainage savvy asphalt condition record and the PCI is being calculated by AI module by following ASTM standards .Utilization of open source programming and existing neural systems is empowered. We have trained  an AI model, PC vision and so forth which can distinguish basic issues with asphalt dependent on photograph(s) per road alone and PCI value calculated and displayed to the user through App from cloud interface and the PCI value will be stored in Database.